docs(admin case details): new page design and error section (#2965)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/cases.adoc

From this table, you can delete a case. Find the cases you want to delete, and click on the _Delete_ icon. Confirm in the popup that you want to delete the selected case.

To open the case details page, click on a case id or the _Eye_ icon.

> The case details page displays general information about the case as well as counters of done, pending and faled flow nodes for the case and its possible child cases (started by call activities).

Reviewer: The case details page displays general information about the case, as well as monitoring information showing the number of done, pending, and failed flow nodes for the case and its possible child cases (including those started by call activities).

> The case details page displays general information about the case as well as counters of done, pending and faled flow nodes for the case and its possible child cases (started by call activities).

Author: ```suggestion
The case details page displays general information about the case, as well as monitoring information showing the number of done, pending, and failed flow nodes for the case and its possible child cases (started by call activities).
```
